---
Title: Summer 2016
Published: 2016-08-19 20:59:47
Author: Pablo Morales
Layout: blog
Tag: 2024
Description: It's god to relax.
---
"Summer is the time where we actually get to relax and get away from our obligations for a short period of time. We travel, we work our butts off to have some financial gains and stability. What's that for a college kid? Summer is also a time to think ahead into the future while enjoying yourself. It is unfortunate that this this adventure is only temporary to help us get away. That being said, I am going to tell you about my summer adventures and what it entails. The summer is slowly slipping to the end...

Working is important to make money. That's exactly what I have done throughout the summer. For those who do not know, I work at McDonald's as a manager. It pays me well to let me go on adventures.  (More on that in a second.) Like any job, it has it's ups and downs. Honestly I am surprised that I have stayed as long as I have. 5 years strong! WOO! Its a job that has many benefits than just the paycheck.

So now you want to know what I actually did for fun? Alright! One thing at a time.

So my first adventure was hitting the upper west coast! It was the trip trio: three friends, three places! We went to started our trip off in Denver to catch a flight out of DEN towards Seattle. Seattle was such a beautiful city. Then we crossed into Canada where we spend a few days in Vancouver, BC. Canada was breath taking. I was glad to see Canada for the first time. It was exciting to see one of my friends leave the country for the first time ever! I got to speak a little French here and there.
<blockquote class=""instagram-media"" style=""background: #FFF; border: 0; border-radius: 3px; box-shadow: 0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width: 658px; padding: 0; width: calc(100% - 2px);"" data-instgrm-captioned="""" data-instgrm-version=""7"">
<div style=""padding: 8px;"">
<div style=""background: #F8F8F8; line-height: 0; margin-top: 40px; padding: 50.0% 0; text-align: center; width: 100%;""></div>
<p style=""margin: 8px 0 0 0; padding: 0 4px;""><a style=""color: #000; font-family: Arial,sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; line-height: 17px; text-decoration: none; word-wrap: break-word;"" href=""https://www.instagram.com/p/BGiXinNBK9R/"" target=""_blank"">Can always count on these guys to push me through anything! #summer #canada</a></p>
<p style=""color: #c9c8cd; font-family: Arial,sans-serif; font-size: 14px; line-height: 17px; margin-bottom: 0; margin-top: 8px; overflow: hidden; padding: 8px 0 7px; text-align: center; text-overflow: ellipsis; white-space: nowrap;"">A photo posted by Pablo Morales (@pmorales18) on <time style=""font-family: Arial,sans-serif; font-size: 14px; line-height: 17px;"" datetime=""2016-06-12T02:04:29+00:00"">Jun 11, 2016 at 7:04pm PDT</time></p>

</div></blockquote>
<script src=""//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"" async="""" defer=""defer""></script>
I went to Denver a second time recently to the Vans Warped Tour! This is my second year going to this
I got to see some of my favorite bands this year! Many of you heard that Yellow Card is breaking up!! I about cried when I heard this. They have their  reasons and I respect them for that. They have had such an impact on me.

I got to hangout with friends all throughout. Frienships grew!

This is only a summary of my summer. Want to know? Just ask!

&nbsp;

-Pablo"