---
Title: Why I Blog?
Published: 2023-07-20 11:16:49
Author: Pablo Morales
Layout: blog
Tag: blog, expression, self awareness, finding words
Theme: pablo
---
<article markdown="1">

## Introduction
I'll keep this brief and just get my ideas on here. 

I started blogging back in 2010. What I mean by that I would post every few years until 2014. Even then, I would sporadically post. Then I shutdown my blog. The next few years I would bring it back and post, then stop again. Those years were very tumultuous. Lot's happened through out the years when I did post. 

I posted about the excitement of going to university, my travels domestically or internationally, or basic thoughts on something. Looking back at them, my writing was not good. When I wrote them, my main goal was to get my ideas out there, even if the grammar was horrendous. I'm still a work in progress.  I guess I learned and still learning from this.

## Why am I back?
I blog because I want to share my thoughts, which seems pretty obvious. The real reason I write is to find the person I've always wanted to become. For many years, I lost control of who I was. All that ambition, all those goals were pushed back. Truly, I want to learn how I can become more expressive with myself. I want to reconnect with myself. Blogging is only one piece of putting me back together.

I know I will make mistakes. I know I will push my limits. I just want to express myself. I will also proceed with caution.

## Why I blog?
### Share my interests:
**Technology** - I love technology. I've been using a computer since I was a young kid. My first memory of a computer was walking into the school computer lab with colorful iMac G3s.  I was in love it at that moment. I write tutorials on how to do this and that. I want to share my knowledge

**I like helping others** - I've read many blogs that helped me through different phases of my life. I hope to do the same. If I at least help one person, I am happy.

**Find communities of people** - I am happy to have joined the IndieWeb and different communities.

**See my own growth** - This is important. I want to see how I become as a person while I age. I have so many questions for my future self. My future self will write accordingly.

**My own time capsule** - I want to be able to see what I did from now to when I get older. It will be amazing to see how things changed in the world. I want to share with my loved ones my blog and to have them remember me. 

</article>




