---
Title: I Took Myself Out on Date
TitleSlug: Solo Date
Published: 2023-12-14 22:45:01
Author: Pablo Morales
Layout: blog
Description: Taking yourself out on a date should be okay. Just enjoy your own presence.
Tag: solo date, activities, self care, alone time
Image: https://static.lifeofpablo.com/pabs-cropped.jpg
---
<article>
  <div class="pa4 ph7-l georgia mw9-l center">
      <div class="f5 f3-ns lh-copy measure georgia" markdown="1">
Today, I wanted to get out the apartment and not bum around. So I went on a date. It's not often I get time for myself other than at home. I either stay home or I go the usual places I'm comfortable going. 

I drove down to Simon's Cafe (Chinese Food Staple in Midtown Sacramento. As I was pulling up I remembered they closed down. I was sad. Then I remembered that there was a Thai restaurant a block or two down. Chicken Pad Thai was the meal of choice. 

Then, I went to went to happy hour at a Wine Bar across the street from the Thai restaraunt. I had a glass of Sangria. I don't mind a cheap drink during happy hour. 

After, I went to an art gallery to observe the art. I got to meet the artist of some of the art I admired. That was pretty tight! 

Then I came across to the [Strapping Store](https://strappingstore.com/) location where ever I was in Midtown. I got some cool Sacramento themed items (last minute Christmas gifts). It's a pretty cool store. 

I ended the night with getting Frozen Yogurt. Strawberry Cheesecake Fro-yo and grahm crackers are amazing. 

It was nice taking myself out. I don't do this often. This is something I wouldn't mind getting more comfortable with. It simply is trying to get out of my comfort zone. Overall, I enjoyed the alone time I had. Alone time is good. Taking yourself out on a date should be okay. Just enjoy your own presence.

</div>
</article>
