---
Title: This Week April 1-5, 2024
Published: 2024-04-06 17:55:27
Author: Pablo Morales
Layout: blog
Tag: 2024, weeknotes
Description: This Week April 1-5, 2024
Image: 
ImageAlt: 
---
## Events I attended: 
* [Homebrew Website Club Europe/London](https://events.indieweb.org/2024/04/homebrew-website-club-europe-london-wri1RLHoXtQl)

## Travel 
* I stayed put this week. :(
* Finalizing travel plans for the upcoming weeks ahead

## Item Purchased
* 

## Learning
* I got a Google Workspace certificate that is part of a Google Admin/Workspace specialization.
* I listened to book writers and illustrators that were invited to speak at work.

## Socializing
* Grabbed a drink with a friend and colleague.


## Exercise
* I went on a couple of runs this week! Some may have been in the rain.

## Good News
* I'm getting a new position for next school year. I'll be an Assistant Director of Technology. I'm very happy to be moving up in my career! My role won't be in effect until July. (Next academic/business calendar)

## Meals/Food
* Homemade breakfast sandwich (English Muffins, egg, turkey ham)
* Trader Joe's Orange Chicken
* Egg Custard Bite from ABC Bakery
* Work Provided the following
  * burger from Selland's
  * 
## Artist Dates
* Went to get pan dulce and ate it with coffee at the park.

## Tech Stuff
* Started messing with a Raspberry Pi to create a game console case.

## Music I listened To 
* Dead Hearts by Stars
* Maneater by Nelly Furtado
* Bounce (feat. Missy Elliot) by Timbaland
* Apocalypse Pop Song by Memphis
* Sunshine by Tides of Man
* Becoming the Memory by Royal Coda
* Bandido by Azúcar Moreno
* I94 by Nomadic Furs
